Update functions.md (#307)
pusher/docs: docs/channels/using_channels/functions.md

    
-   **Asynchronous** - Functions that operate on events  after the event was published to subscribers. Use cases include integrations with other platforms.

## Using functions
There are two ways you can manage Pusher Serverless Functions:

> - through the the Pusher dashboard,

Reviewer: Isn't it a good place for a link to Pusher dashboard?

> - using the Pusher CLI.

Reviewer: Same for Pusher CLI repo?

};
```

If you are using the Pusher CLI, skip to [Functions in Pusher CLI](https://pusher.com/docs/channels/using_channels/functions/#functions-in-pusher-cli).

If you are using the Pusher dashboard, when you’re finished writing your function, compress it into a .zip file making sure that the `index.js` file is in the root level, and then upload it via the dashboard following the steps below.

## Functions in the Pusher dashboard

1. To get started with Pusher Channels, [sign in](https://dashboard.pusher.com/accounts/sign_in) to your Pusher account. If you don’t have one, [sign up](https://dashboard.pusher.com/accounts/sign_up) for a free account.

> 2. Choose the Channels app you wish to add functions to.

Reviewer: Since we're explaining how to sign up, is it reasonable to explain how to create a new app?

3. On the left-side navigation, go to **Functions** and click **Create a new function**.

![Pusher Serverless Functions in the dashboard](../../../img/pusher-serverless-functions-in-dashboard.png)

4. Provide a name for your new function and determine which events should trigger the function. The function needs to know which events to respond to. You provide this as a comma-separated list, where each item is a regular expression. This pattern can match one or multiple event names. Then choose what kind of function it is (synchronous or asynchronous), and finally upload a .zip file of your function code.

![Create a new function](../../../img/create-new-function-from-dashboard.png)

> 5. Finally upload a .zip file of your function code. Click **Create function**. Make sure the event handler is in a local file named index.js, and that all the supporting files are in a directory tree rooted at the same directory as the handler. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Finally upload a .zip file of your function code. Click **Create function**. Make sure the event handler is in a file named `index.js` at the top level of the zip archive. For example:
```

```
myfunction.zip
├── index.js
├── tools.js
└── utils

>  └── more_tools.js

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    └── more_tools.js
```

```

### Manage functions

To edit or delete your function, click the three dots.

To update a Function, edit the function's code on your computer, then upload it again through the Pusher dashboard.

After you delete a function, it won't be invoked to its linked events in Channels anymore.

![Edit functions](../../../img/create-new-function-from-dashboard.png)

### Configuration variables

> To use secret or plaintext configuration variables with you functions, click Add a new config variable.

Reviewer 2: Does "Add a new config variable" need to be highlighted somehow (e.g. in bold)?

> To use secret or plaintext configuration variables with you functions, click Add a new config variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use secret or plaintext configuration variables with your functions, click Add a new config variable.
```

> Functions can use config variables, either secret or in plain text. You can use it as a secure storage for important data, like third-party API keys. When setting one up, give it a unique name. This name lets you easily use or "call" the key in your functions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Functions can use config variables, either secret or in plain text. You can use secret config variables for sensitive data, like third-party API keys. When setting one up, give it a unique name. This name lets you easily use or "call" the key in your functions.
```

Secret and plaintext configuration variables are available to all the functions in a Channels app.

> ### Triger functions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Trigger functions
```

> Define a condition cause for the function to run. Click **Trigger Function** and format this data based on the function's requirements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Define a stimulus for the function, formatted based on the function's requirements. Click **Trigger Function** to run the function.
```
This doesn't read comfortably to me, I've suggested an alternative.

### Invoke functions

To test out whether your function works as intended, go to the Debug Console and use a test event. If it works well, use it with actual Channels events.

![Invoke functions](../../../img/invoke-functions-pusher-channels.png)

You can check the function's activity and performance under the **Stats** tab in the Pusher dashboard.

## Functions in Pusher CLI

You can also deploy and manage your functions using the Pusher CLI. Check out the [How to install the Pusher CLI](https://pusher.com/docs/channels/pusher_cli/installation/) and [How to set up the Pusher CLI](https://pusher.com/docs/channels/pusher_cli/documentation/) articles for more information.

> Through the Pusher CLI, you can edit, update, delete, and list all functions per app using the --app-id flag or use it to manage secret or plaintext configuration variables.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Through the Pusher CLI, you can edit, update, delete, and list all functions per app using the `--app-id` flag or use it to manage secret or plaintext configuration variables.
```
